index.markdown, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaultsg
layout: page
---
<div style="text-align:center"><img src="/assets/Berend2017.jpg" height="auto" width="250" style="border-radius:50%">
</div>
<br/><br/> 
I am a postdoc working in the [UBC computer science department][ubccs] with [Frank Wood][fwood], and in the [UBC statistics department][ubcstat] with [Trevor Campbell][trevor]. I work on applying techniques of probabilistic programming for inverting physical models, with robust statistical guarantees. I am part of the [DSI-CRN][dsicrn] collaboration, which aims to leverage machine learning methods to develop better composite materials.

Before starting as a machine learning researcher, I did a PhD in condensed matter physics at UBC in the group of [Andrea Damascelli][andrea]. My research focussed on understanding the [interplay between spin-orbit coupling and electron-electron interactions][paper]. Before that, was a MSc student in Amsterdam, working with [Mark Golden][mark], understanding [the effects of light on the energy states of topological insulators][spv].


[ubccs]: https://www.cs.ubc.ca/
[fwood]: https://www.cs.ubc.ca/~fwood/
[ubcstat]: https://www.stat.ubc.ca/
[trevor]: https://trevorcampbell.me/
[dsicrn]: https://dsi.ubc.ca/data-centric-manufacturing
[andrea]: http://qmlab.ubc.ca/ARPES/PEOPLE/damascelli.html
[paper]: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41567-019-0750-y
[mark]: https://www.uva.nl/en/profile/g/o/m.s.golden/m.s.golden.html
[spv]: https://www.nature.com/articles/srep16309

Commit message:

Updated to Inverted AI affiliation

index.markdown, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaultsg
layout: page
---
<div style="text-align:center"><img src="/assets/Berend2017.jpg" height="auto" width="250" style="border-radius:50%">
</div>
<br/><br/> 
I am a research scientist at [Inverted AI][iai] working on multi-agent behavioral models for realistic self-driving car simulation.

Before starting at Inverted AI I was a postdoc working in the [UBC computer science department][ubccs] with [Frank Wood][fwood], and in the [UBC statistics department][ubcstat] with [Trevor Campbell][trevor]. My work was on developing and applying permutation invariant models with a tractable probability density. I was also part of a project that applies techniques of probabilistic programming for the purpose inverting physical models, with the use of [neural surrogates][surrogates]. During this period I was part of the [DSI-CRN][dsicrn] collaboration, which aims to leverage machine learning methods to develop better composite materials.

Before starting as a machine learning researcher, I did a PhD in condensed matter physics at UBC in the group of [Andrea Damascelli][andrea]. My research focussed on understanding the [interplay between spin-orbit coupling and electron-electron interactions][paper]. Before that, was a MSc student in Amsterdam, working with [Mark Golden][mark], understanding [the effects of light on the energy states of topological insulators][spv]. 

[surrogates]: https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.11950
[iai]: https://www.inverted.ai/
[ubccs]: https://www.cs.ubc.ca/
[fwood]: https://www.cs.ubc.ca/~fwood/
[ubcstat]: https://www.stat.ubc.ca/
[trevor]: https://trevorcampbell.me/
[dsicrn]: https://dsi.ubc.ca/data-centric-manufacturing
[andrea]: http://qmlab.ubc.ca/ARPES/PEOPLE/damascelli.html
[paper]: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41567-019-0750-y
[mark]: https://www.uva.nl/en/profile/g/o/m.s.golden/m.s.golden.html
[spv]: https://www.nature.com/articles/srep16309
